improved content with abstract (#1056)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/syntax/reserved.asciidoc

[[cypher-reserved]]
= Reserved keywords

[abstract]
--

> Reserved keywords in Cypher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains a list of reserved keywords in Cypher.
```

> These are words that have a special meaning in Cypher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

--

> We provide here a listing of reserved words, grouped by the categories from which they are drawn, all of which have a special meaning in Cypher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a list of reserved words, grouped by the categories from which they are drawn, all of which have a special meaning in Cypher.
```
